The Joe Rogan experience. Did you see the video with, um,
I don't know what it came out. It's Adam Corolla sat down with Tucker Carlson.
Did you see that? What did they talk about? They talked about like California,
they talked about the homeless epidemic.
That's here in California and how I'm gonna try and quote right.
How he says the government just kind of looks at blind eye because we,
we are a city in a state that lives on permits and parking and licenses.
And, you know, we just want that money, you know? So it's like, if he,
he says something, you know, forest Memorial, forest lawn Memorial, mm-hmm,
<affirmative> like how you look across the way. And there's all these, you know,
um, immigrants and whatnot, like selling flowers, you know,
but like a woman driving without a license plate she'll get pulled over. And,
but all these other, it was kind of interesting. And I hate saying,
I hate being like, oh, Tucker Carlson, but it was just,
it was actually a really interesting interview. That's probably good point tech,
California would care about the homeless. If you could get money from,
from if we could get money from them. Sure. And all the way over here too,
I was just looking at all these tents and it's just so sad. It's so sad.
It's really sad. And it keeps growing. It keeps growing.
I live in west Hollywood and I remember like a couple years ago cuz you know,
it went from downtown and then downtown pushes 'em all out.
So they keep going west, keep going west some go to the beach,
some go to Santa Monica. Mm-hmm <affirmative> but now it's like,
I live in an area that, you know, six, seven years ago it was,
it was fine. But now it's like, even on the way to go get coffee this morning,
I walk everywhere. I go. It's like, I saw like three,
three homeless people just outside, just screaming at nothing. You know,
they're in tattered clothes and they're dirty. And they're, you know, I went,
I used to work with a girl years ago, um,
at a restaurant when I waited tables and she's now homeless and she's like out
of her mind and I feel bad. Would she always have mind? No, no. She, her,
you know, her name was Lodis you know,
she did yoga and now what happened? I don't know. I don't know.
You just tried to talk to her. I did. When it was like,
I got to watch the progression of the crazy, the illness. Yes.
So I would see her every now and then I was like, Hey, what's going on?
Cuz like back when the recession happened, you know, we were rating.
So we bounced from job to job because one day we'd go to work and there'd be
chains on the door cause they couldn't pay us.
So we had this little kind of group that we would go apply together at different
jobs. And then I started seeing her out on the street,
just walking around and I was like, Hey, what's going on?
Hope you hope you're doing well, da, da, da, da.
And she just kind of never let me know how she was really doing.
And then a couple years would go by and I'd see her. And I'm like,
she looks a little out of it and I would say hi to her and she wouldn't respond.
And then now it's full on,
like teeth are missing and oh running down the street crying.
And it just breaks my heart cuz it's like, I don't know what to do.
And I don't know if she would be willing or uh, how tight were you with her?
I mean had her phone to number? No, no, no, no I don't. I mean,
I don't even know she has a phone. I can't. Right.
But did you at one point in time ever phone? I think. Yeah. And it's like,
it's just that like inner guilt and you're just like, God,
how did it get so bad? She had an apartment, you know,
I think her parents passed away and that might have like set her, you know,
spiraling. But yeah,
I remember just like doing a spot at the laugh factory one night and walking
outside and you know how everyone, they just keep everyone outside.
Like you do <laugh> and,
and she just like barreled through everybody,
just screaming nonsense and like like teeth missing and oh, it's just sad.
It's just really, really sad.
And then I'm at the Jim working out and I'll see her like down there, you know,
with her garbage and everything and yeah, she doesn't,
it's just sad. It's it's.
A lost cause when you knew her,
she didn't seem like she had any mental health issues.
No, really? No. I mean she would talk, she would do yoga. I mean,
I remember her, um, her new always Lotti her,
well, her name was Lotus harmony,
which I don't know if that's a real name <laugh> but at the time, um,
that's how I knew her. She was always just this sweet lady, you know,
just beautiful skin, beautiful smile, always in a good mood. When she got mad,
you were like, oh man, Lotus is. You know?
Cuz she was always so friendly. Yeah. And then now you're just like.
And I, you know, I just want, I don't know what to do. I,
I would love to help her because it just breaks my heart.
Homeless people break my heart. But female homelessness really,
really is sad for me.
Yeah. Because we're a sexist.
<Laugh>.
Well, it's, I feel the.
Same way, you know, it's just like, like someone's daughter, someone's wife,
someone's just out there, you know,
vulnerable to the elements and predators and it's just, yeah, it breaks my.
Heart. No, it's awful. But I,
I think most of what you're seeing with homeless people is people that are
severely mentally ill.
So you gotta wonder what caused maybe she was on medication and her yeah. Her,
you know, her insurance ran out. Yeah.
She couldn't full on joker. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Dude. That's real. It is real. It's real.
There's a lot of people out there with giant mental health issues. Yeah.
I, I mean, I, I, um, I know, I know several people who,
you know, have anxiety, a, a guy that I used to date is like, you know,
we dated for a long time, but it's like, if he didn't have his, um, his,
uh anti-anxiety. Yeah. Like, and he got off that,
I mean he would full on have a panic attack and that would get dirty.
And I had to witness that, which was insane. Yeah. People that.
Lose it because of their, if their medication. Yeah.
That's a sad situation because you're like,
you're always gonna be tethered to this thing that keeps,
keeps saying could worry by.
Used it twice today. Did I? Yeah. You said it earlier, before we started tether.
They probably use.
It all today. Yeah.
I just hope it works. Tether Tuesday, hashtag tether Tuesday. <laugh>.
It's you know,
like what happens to them if the coronavirus hits and get lock the doors for six
months.
And you just become a agoraphobic and mm-hmm, <affirmative> lose your.
Well, we were talking about this the other day,
that most of what this is all happened from the Reagan administration,
during the Reagan administration,
they changed the standards of what it means to be mentally ill.
And they just released people from asylum.
Cause they didn't wanna pay for it all mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And you know that look,
if LA is LA is a city of 20 plus million
people, which is as many people in LA, as I think is in all of Australia.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so think about that.
Think about the amount of money and that they can't make asylums here.
Think about how many abandoned buildings there are. Think about how much money,
how much money would it cost.
There's currently somewhere in the neighborhood of 70,000 homeless people. Yeah.
They said.
There was some statistic that said there's more empty apartments in this town
than the homeless people.
The thing is though that those folks don't just need a place cuz they'll that
place. Yeah. They rehabilitation punch holes in the wall and in there and stuff.
Smear it. Yeah. They're crazy. Yeah. They,
what they need is help mm-hmm <affirmative> and they need medication and they
need counseling and they need, I mean, and some people I don't, I mean,
I'm not a mental health expert.
I don't some of 'em you might not be able to do anything too. Some, some,
some are so gone far gone might not. And also they get so filled with despair.
Yeah. I knew a bunch of guys that were homeless back from my pool hall days.
There was a bunch of guys that would hang around the pool hall.
They would even sleep on the floor. And you know,
I knew guys that'd try to sleep in people's couches.
They'd sleep at the bus stops.
And then they'd come to the pool hall and try to hustle up enough money to get
some drugs. And it was,
they were stuck in this place where they could never get past where they were.
They were just in a rut and they could never get out of it. And it was just,
it's heartbreaking. Yeah. Despair so much despair. Cause.
You're just like what happened? The O for instance, the other day,
I'm walking down Santa Monica Boulevard over by, um, Barney's Beery.
And I just hear up and I look over and this kid's like had to
be 22, 23 years old. And I was like, what happened?
Where are your.
Parents? One too many auditions blew a few.
Yeah. Just snapped. I, if I hear no one more time. No.
I know IA dropped him and he's just out there randomly dropped.
Him. <laugh> I'll show you Hollywood reporter you.
God.
There are people though that you meet in this town where you meet 'em early in
their journey. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and they still have hope.
Like it's not worked out yet, but it's gonna, I'm gonna make it.
And then you run in, in comics.
Oh, I mean, that's the thing. I think it's so relatable in our field as well.
Cuz you, you know those people. Yeah. We do know those people. I, I,
I wanna say I almost was one of those people. Were you? Oh yeah. When,
what time? I mean.
Gimme a time where it like.
2002 And then in
2005 and then really 2000. Yeah. I.
Mean there were, I didn't meet you until when 2007 ish. I wanna.
Say. Yeah. I think I met you at, um,
the ice house when we were podcasting out there. That's and then,
and then when you came back to the store, that.
Was like 14.
2014. Yeah. That's when I saw you again. And even then it was like, you know,
I'm making it work. And I remember you looked at me and you go,
you're the weirdest gay guy I've ever met. And I was like. Yeah.
<Laugh> why did I say that? I don't know. You were probably all really high.
Yeah, probably. So probably didn't know what I was saying when I was saying it.
Yeah. But I mean.
I feel like that's, you know,
you get through that struggle and you get through the,
the years of being hungry in the years of like, can I pay my rent this year?
And you do whatever you can to just scrounge everything up and, and do it.
So you had those moments where you like, this might not work out.
I might go crazy. Mm.
Or what's my other option. Move home
or suicide. Yeah. I mean, this sounds hard.
It's.
Very hard. Well, it's also, you see so many people that are doing well, right?
Like it seems so far out of reach,
like when you're broke and you see some guy driving by a Mercedes convertible,
you're like, you know, you see these people going into those big,
high rises off of Los enga, you know, Dormin there and.
Everything, but no one lives there, no one lives there. Oh,
no one can afford that. Are you kidding me? Who's talking about, I mean,
there's maybe like what I've heard is that the,
they build those and then the, um, Saudis one,
their kids to come to school here and get American education.
So they just buy 'em for 'em. But nobody, have you done.
Any research on this or.
Is this just I've overheard some things <laugh>.